Add tagged stairstep paragraph (#64)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/onboarding-extra-resources.md

during the onboarding process, are provided in [this
section](glossary.md#extra-resources).

#### Tagged stairstep ranges

> Optionally a stairstep range can be tagged and the customer will select the tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stairstep range can optionally be tagged so that the customer will select the tag
```

instead of the quantity for the Extra Resource on the marketplace.

> The following screenshot shows an example on how a tagged Extra Resources would

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following screenshot shows an example on how a tagged Extra Resource Values would
```

Reviewer 2: Su credo vada bene però qua potrebbe generare confusione

> The following screenshot shows an example on how a tagged Extra Resource Values would

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following screenshot shows an example on how a tagged Extra Resource Value would
```
